ceph: added rook-ceph-default service account (#7406)
rook/rook: PendingReleaseNotes.md

* Multiple Ceph mgr daemons are supported for stretch clusters and other clusters where HA of the mgr is more critical
* Ceph OSD: as of Nautilus 14.2.14 and Octopus 15.2.9 if the OSD scenario is simple (one OSD per disk) we won't use LVM to prepare the disk anymore
* Disable CSI GRPC metrics by default

> * Added rook-ceph-default Service Account and  configure the default service account pods(mon,mds,etc) specifications with rook-ceph-default Service Account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configure all Rook pods that were using the default service account (mon,mds,etc) to instead use a new `rook-ceph-default` service account.
```

* Multiple Ceph mgr daemons are supported for stretch clusters and other clusters where HA of the mgr is more critical
* Ceph OSD: as of Nautilus 14.2.14 and Octopus 15.2.9 if the OSD scenario is simple (one OSD per disk) we won't use LVM to prepare the disk anymore
* Disable CSI GRPC metrics by default

> * Configure all Rook pods that were using the default service account (mon,mds,etc) to instead use a new `rook-ceph-default` service account.

Reviewer 2: Suggest rewording here to remove "Configure all" which users might interpret as an instruction. 

Suggestion:
Ceph daemon pods using the `default` service account now use a new `rook-ceph-default` service account.
